A four generation family history previously taken from her mother by Ms.  Reba Edlin in 2002  and previously reviewed by Dr.  Adrien Escamilla is again reviewed and amplified with her mother .
The original diagram is on file in the Department of Medical Genetics .
Upon review and amplification , it is remarkable for the following .
Benjamin has an older sister , now 6 - 1 / 2 , who is described as having no neurodevelopmental problems , although she is somewhat petite ( in contrast to Shahrzad ) .
She weighed 5 pounds 15 ounces at birth and currently weighs about 48 pounds .
She is said to have had an innocent heart murmur .
Benjamin ' s father is a 45 - year - old physician of mixed Persian and Kurdish descent who stands 5 foot 7 inches tall and has a maximum lifetime weight of 156 pounds .
He has a personal history of lactose intolerance .
He has no history of neurodevelopmental problems or muscle weakness .
His only sister has seven children who are all showing normal growth and development .
He has a maternal half sister in her 34 s who is said to have anemia due to thalassemia , and she is the mother of three healthy children .
A half brother in his 23 s is also said to be healthy .
Benjamin ' s mother is a 26 - year - old nurse , now homemaker , who stands 5 foot 2 inches tall and has a maximum nonpregnant lifetime weight of 165 pounds .
Towards the end of her second pregnancy ( with Shahrzad ) , she began to develop symptoms and signs of what was ultimately diagnosed and treated as hypothyroidism .
She reports that she tends to get upper respiratory infections easily .
She sleeps a lot .
She does not have migraines , and she does not think she has symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome .
However , she has occasional eye and lip twitches and occasional twitches and " warm spots " in her thighs .
She thinks that her hands are weak ( as evidenced by her grip ) , although her husband disagrees with her .
Interestingly , when she was younger , at 20 years of age , she had a muscle biopsy performed by a Dr.  Jacob in California because of a family history of what is described as " core muscle disease .
" She is unclear as to the result of that muscle biopsy as it applied to herself .
She was told at one point that she was " okay , " but she did not get specific details .
She has never experienced any stroke - like episodes , intermittent episodes of lethargy or vomiting with intercurrent illness , and does not have a personal history of any of the similar body odors described in her daughter .
Benjamin ' s mother has five paternal half siblings , two boys and three girls .
Two of the girls are described as having eye problems , and in one of them , it is said that she cannot see out of one eye due to " retinal disease .
" Benjamin ' s mother ' s father himself is a healthy man in his 56 s with no similar symptoms .
Benjamin ' s mother ' s mother is a 44 - year - old woman who was diagnosed on muscle biopsy by Dr.  Jacob in California as having " core muscle disease .
" She was born with club feet and congenital knee contractures and has had scoliosis .
She has two sisters , both of whom are said , from a muscle biopsy , to have the same " core muscle disease .
" One of these sisters is a mother of a child , a male , who died at birth attributed to prematurity .
The second is a woman now the mother of two healthy children .
Another sister is the mother of two boys , one of whom is said to have " angioplastic kidneys .
" The other is healthy .
A brother is the father of two children , a male with mental retardation and a daughter with bicuspid mitral valve stenosis and aortic stenosis .
Another of Benjamin ' s mother ' s mother ' s brothers is the father of two girls , one of whom is said to have severe systemic lupus erythematosus , and the other had to have a hysterectomy for cancer .
There are several other sibs of Benjamin ' s mother ' s mother who had normal growth and development without problems .
Benjamin ' s mother ' s mother ' s father ' s brother and Benjamin ' s mother ' s mother ' s mother ' s sister had six pregnancies together .
One resulted in a first - trimester miscarriage without reported birth defects .
Another resulted in the birth of a man who was deceased at age 44 .
He was diagnosed with the same core muscle disease as other family members in childhood and developed ALS in his 40s .
Another brother is said to have " rare benign , painful muscle tumors , " and he thinks that he is weak .
Another brother is healthy .
Two sisters did not have similar muscle symptoms .
One was deceased from a motor vehicle accident in her 35 s and was the grandmother of a 24 - year - old woman reported to have classical phenylketonuria .
The other was healthy but now has considerable problems as a consequence of being involved in the same motor vehicle accident .
Aside from this , there is no other family history of relevance and in particular none of persons diagnosed otherwise with genetic or metabolic disorders .
Benjamin ' s parents are not blood relatives .
